Hello and welcome to the final lesson of the AI for 3D medical imaging nanodegree.
In the previous lessons,
we have seen the clinical perspective on some of
the problems that could be solved with machine learning.
We have seen how clinicians think about
machine learning algorithms and how they make diagnostic decisions.
We looked at some of the physical principles of operation of MR and CT scanners.
We took a glimpse into the DICOM standard.
We played with some of the DICOM files and learn how to parse them,
and how to extract images,
and how to process these images with convolutional neural networks.
We played a little bit with training our own convolutional neural network, the uni,
t and we produced some results and learned
how to save them as binary masks for segmentation tasks.
In this lesson, you will learn how all these skills and all these concepts
come together when it comes to integrating an AI algorithm,
AI model, into a real-world clinical network.
So in this lesson,
we will look at the following concepts.
First, we will talk about the networking in
the clinical medical imaging networks and we will look at
the networking portion specifically of the DICOM standards.
Then we will see what would be the good integration points for
your AI algorithms and we will understand what
would be the requirements for integration of the algorithms.
We will take a look at some of the tools that are used in clinical environments and we
will take a look at some of the tools that
you might use to simulate these clinical environments.
We will have Mason demonstrate to us how he would work with
the enterprise medical imaging viewer in his day-to-day job.
Then we will take a look at what's called a zero-footprint web medical imaging viewer.
It's an open source project that you can compile yourself and play with it.
We will take a deeper dive into 3D slicer tool,
which we have mentioned a few times in this course,
and I will show you some tricks and some of the main things that you could do with
3D slicer when either labeling your datasets or viewing your 3D images.
Then we will look at DCMTK,
which is an open source package for manipulating, and reading,
and writing DICOM files,
and also a collection of useful tools which
will help you debug and understand clinical networks.
Lastly, in this section,
we will touch on some of the regulatory requirements
that you need to be aware of when you are developing AI models.
You might have seen that this is
a recurring theme through all of the courses in this nanodegree.
This is a very important topic to internalize and understand,
what you can do as an AI engineer with machine learning methods
and what things you should be aware of as you
get to deploying these mechanisms in the production.
So let's go and jump into the next section.